[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #3 (#205)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/unescape.md

# $unescape

> Unescapes semicolons `;` from the provided text. It allows interpreting of regular escaped semicolon as unescaped version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unescapes semicolons `;` from the provided text. It allows interpreting of escaped semicolons as unescaped ones.
```
